- Why don't you move here, and
then you'd have a bigger place?
Do you like it here?
- But--[sighs]
I mean,
I don't fit in here--
just straight up body type.
Like, in L.A.,
my arms register as legs.
They're just like--
[laughter]
They're like,
"Why is that octopus on Sunset?"
"Is that--"
[laughter]
It's not--
it's not for me out here.
- No?
- It's not, no.
But I--you know.
- What do you do when
you're here?
- I cry.
I just sit in my room...
[laughter]
Bawling.
No, I--
Well, last time I was here,
right from the show,
I got courtside tickets
to a Laker game.
- That's fun.
- Yeah, 'cause my--
my business agent thought
I was mad at him
for sexually harassing me.
- Well--
- But no, I'm 33,
so I'm just starting to really
appreciate that,
you know what I mean?
- I see, I see.
- Well, it's true.
I can't speak for everyone.
I'm not like
"Sexually harass--"
but, in your 20s,
I feel like you walk around--
like you'll walk past
a construction site,
and be kind of like,
"Oh, don't look--"
But then, in your 30s, you know,
I'm just like,
"What about this?"
[laughter]
"Like, how about--"
It's like my skirt's over
my head.
I'm like, "Aah."
[laughter]
They're like, "We're eating."
But, uh--
[laughter]
It changes, it really does.
It changes, so--
So I got courtside seats,
which--you've sat courtside
at a game, right?
- I have, yeah.
- I thought--I went--
I thought it would be
free booze.
Um...
[laughter]
It's not, it's not.
I guess you have to be on
the team to get free booze.
So...
- [laughs]
- I go, I get randomly seated
next to Dianna Agron.
You know, the actress.
She was on "Glee."
She played the cheerleader,
Quinn?
I mean, that lets you know
how hot she is.
Yeah--oh, there we go.
There's the picture.
Thanks for--yes.
Isn't that great?
[laughter]
She's like--
the most gorgeous girl ever.
Her name was "Quinn"
on that show.
To pull off that name?
- Yeah.
- Like if my name were "Quinn"
on a show,
they'd be like, "Oh, the jolly
Irish groundskeeper, that--"
[laughter]
"Does a jig time and again,"
you know.
But so she's there.
Is she not like an angel?
So--and the whole night,
she's like,
She's like this...
'cause she knows people are
taking pictures of her.
I obviously don't.
[laughter]
I learned a lot.
I learned that my resting face,
is just a scowl, is just--
[laughter]
And I learned--and you can see--
that I have what I'm now calling
an "at-risk chin."
[laughter]
This is not a good section!
If I--if I don't,
like keep it at sea level,
it just doubles itself, just--
[laughter]
I become the dinosaur in
the jeep in "Jurassic Park,"
just "Fff!"
[laughter]
So I'm like--no idea people are
taking pictures.
I'm pounding red wine,
and I--
I thought it was free--
[laughter]
I get red wine teeth right out
the gate, you know?
Like,
just first sniff of merlot,
just "True Blood" mouth.
I look like I've been feeding,
and I'm eating popcorn,
the way I think we all
eat popcorn, which is--
you know, at first, don't you
always kind of start out
kind of like lying to yourself?
Like, "I don't know,
I'll have a little."
Ehm.
[laughter]
Like one piece at a time,
you know?
And then--and then, like,
you get a little more real.
Right?
[laughter]
and then eventually,
you just--you get "real" real.
And just "gah!"
[laughter]
Like, I've split my lip trying
to get one more kernel--
[laughter]
It's true.
In my dumb mouth.
It is true.
- [laughing hard]
- And so that's what happened.
If you Google me, it'll be--
And I--I look like her,
actually.
I look like her if she were
stung by a million bees.
[laughter]
It's true!
I look like her if she were,
like, becoming the Hulk.
That's--
[laughter]
And she--you know,
she wanted to be friends,
and I'm like, "I can't.
I can't.
We don't have--
we're not the same thing."
Like she was telling me
hot people problems, you know.
She's like,
"He won't stop calling."
And I'm like,
"[whine], I hate that."
[laughter]
Do you eat popcorn like that,
though?
Are you a popcorn lover?
- Yeah, I do.
And I eat it exactly like that.
- Right?
- Yes.
- I mean, that's why--
I'm so annoyed--
I'm single again,
so I'm going to have to start
dating some guy,
and we'll go to the movies
and he'll be like,
"Do you want to get popcorn?"
and I have to be like,
"Oh, I hadn't even thought
about it."
[laughter]
He's like, "What size?"
and I'm like,
"[giggles] A small.
Look at me."
[laughter]
Right, like a small popcorn?
That's like taking one Advil.
Like, "get outta here."
[laughter]
"Get--I want a trough.
And I want to dunk my head
in it."
And--and then, you know.
I'll be pretending not
to think about the popcorn.
- Hilarious.
So when you say
you're gonna start dating again,
that means that you're--
are you dating at all?
- No, I, um--
Well, I know everyone here
is like, "How do we date you?"
Thank you.
[laughter]
You can't, and not just 'cause
I'm not totally out of the woods
with this UTI I have right now,
but also--
[laughter]
Thank you.
[laughter and applause]
Oh, my God.
No, but I'm not on any
dating websites.
I don't--I'm on--I have one,
like, app on my phone
that's kind of--
it's called "Foodspotting."
[laughter]
And it's like Tinder, but
for food, so, it lets me know--
- Is this real?
- This is totally real.
It lets--they let you know about
food in your area.
So, like, this week in L.A.,
I was eyeing this one particular
scone.
And uh--
[laughter]
Under a mile away.
Coincidence?
Probably not.
[laughter]
So, I'm like, "Should I go?"
And my friends are like, "Go!
Like, check it out!"
So I went to the scone, and
I kind of just sidled up to it,
and I was like, "Oh, my God, you
look just like your picture."
[laughter]
So I'm kind of dating.
Kind of dating.
- It's different than that.
You should--
[laughs]
Oh, my God.
- It's pretty much
the same exact thing.
- Hilarious.
It's almost exactly the same.
- Yeah.